Feature/timi/android getting started (#593)
MapsIndoors/docs: src/android/v3/getting-started/directions.md

<!-- Directions -->
{% include "src/shared/getting-started/directions/directions.md" %}

> After having created our list of search results we have a good starting point to creating directions between two locations.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After having created our list of search results, we have a good starting point for creating directions between two Locations.
```

> Since our search only supports a single search we will hardcode a location coordinate into our app and use that as the basis for our origin, we'll then create a route and navigate to a view of the the navigation details and show the route on the map from our origin point to the destination.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Since our search only supports a single search, we will hardcode a Location's coordinate into our app, and use that as the basis for our Origin. Then we'll create a route, navigate to a view of the navigation details, and show a route on the map from the Origin to the Destination.
```

> Create a `Point` with the coordinates from the oval office on your MapsActivity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create a `Point` with the coordinates from the Oval Office Location on your MapsActivity.
```

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
private Point mUserLocation = new Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613,0);
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
private val mUserLocation: Point = Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613, 0.0)
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> Now we will make a method that can generate a route for us with just a location (picked through the search list).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we will make a method that can generate a route for us with just a Location (picked from the search list).
```

Start by implementing `OnRouteResultListener` to your MapsActivity.

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
public class MapsActivity extends FragmentActivity implements OnMapReadyCallback, OnRouteResultListener
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
class MapsActivity : FragmentActivity(), OnMapReadyCallback, OnRouteResultListener
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> implement the `onRouteResult` method and make the method to generate a route. To generate a route you use `MPRoutingProvider` to query a route with 2 points. We already have a hardcoded starting location so all we need is a point from the location we picked from the search list.

Reviewer: @timMikkelsen This paragraph is a bit hard to follow. Could try looking at it again?

Author: Check the new one. I tried explaining it a bit better.

> So we start by creating an onClickListener on our search `ViewHolder` inside the `SearchItemAdapter` on `onBindViewHolder` that calls a `createRoute` on our activity, to generate a route with the `MPLocation`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To generate a route with the `MPLocation`, we start by creating an `onClickListener` on our search `ViewHolder` inside the `SearchItemAdapter` on `onBindViewHolder`. This calls a `createRoute` on our activity and the route is generated.
```

Reviewer: Is the above suggestion still correct code-wise?

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
holder.itemView.setOnClickListener(view -> {
          mMapActivity.createRoute(mLocations.get(position));
        });
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
holder.itemView.setOnClickListener {
  mMapActivity.createRoute(mLocations.get(position))
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

When we receive a result on our listener, we render the route through the `MPDirectionsRenderer`.

> We create global variables of the `MPdirectionsRenderer` and `MPRoutingProvider` and create getter to the `MPDirectionsRenderer`to access it from fragments later on.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

We create global variables of the `MPdirectionsRenderer` and `MPRoutingProvider` and create a getter to the `MPDirectionsRenderer` to access it from _fragments_ later on.
```

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
void createRoute(MPLocation mpLocation) {
    if (mpRoutingProvider == null) {
        mpRoutingProvider = new MPRoutingProvider();
      mpRoutingProvider.setOnRouteResultListener(this);
    }
    mpRoutingProvider.query(mUserLocation, mpLocation.getPoint());
}
/**
  * The result callback from the route query. Starts the rendering of the route and opens up a new instance of the navigation fragment on the bottom sheet.

>   * @param route the route model used to render a navigation view.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `@param route` the route model used to render a navigation view.
```

Author: Should we mix markdown and code examples?

Reviewer: Ah, no—didn't see this was inside a tab

>   * @param miError an MIError if anything goes wrong when generating a route

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * `@param miError` an `MIError` if anything goes wrong when generating a route
```

Reviewer: Should `miError` and `MIError` be the same casing?

Author: the lower case is the parameter name. Code syntax always have parameters starting with lower case.

    mpDirectionsRenderer.setRoute(route);
    //Create a new instance of the navigation fragment
    mNavigationFragment = NavigationFragment.newInstance(route, this);
    //Start a transaction and assign it to the BottomSheet
    getSupportFragmentManager().beginTransaction().replace(R.id.standardBottomSheet, mNavigationFragment).commit();
    if (btmnSheetBehavior.getState() == BottomSheetBehavior.STATE_HIDDEN) {
        btmnSheetBehavior.setState(BottomSheetBehavior.STATE_COLLAPSED);
    }
    //Assign the navigation fragment to current fragment. To handle ui logic
    currentFragment = mNavigationFragment;
    //As camera movement is involved run this on the UIThread
    runOnUiThread(()-> {
        //Starts drawing and adjusting the map according to the route
        mpDirectionsRenderer.initMap(true);
        mMapControl.setMapPadding(0, 0,0,btmnSheetBehavior.getPeekHeight());
    });
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
class MapsActivity : FragmentActivity(), OnMapReadyCallback, OnRouteResultListener
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> Now we will create a fragment we can put into our BottomSheet to show the steps for each route and the time and distance it takes to travel the route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Now we will create a fragment we can put into our BottomSheet and show the steps for each route, as well as the time and distance it takes to travel the route.
```

> Here we will use a viewpager to allow the user to switch between each step and a close button. To be able to remove the route and the bottomsheet from the activity.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Here we'll use a `viewpager` to allow the user to switch between each step, as well as display a "close" button so we are able to remove the route and the bottom sheet from the activity.
```

            android:layout_toEndOf="@id/arrow_back"
            android:layout_toStartOf="@+id/arrow_next"/>
        <ImageButton
            android:id="@+id/arrow_next"
            android:layout_width="30dp"
            android:layout_height="30dp"
            android:background="@drawable/ic_baseline_keyboard_arrow_right_24"
            android:layout_margin="5dp"
            android:layout_centerVertical="true"
            android:layout_alignParentEnd="true"/>
    </RelativeLayout>
</RelativeLayout>
```

RouteLeg fragment for the viewpager view:

```xml
<?xml version="1.0" encoding="utf-8"?>
<RelativeLayout xmlns:android="http://schemas.android.com/apk/res/android"
    xmlns:tools="http://schemas.android.com/tools"
    android:layout_width="match_parent"
    android:layout_height="wrap_content"
    tools:context=".RouteLegFragment">
    <androidx.appcompat.widget.AppCompatTextView
        android:id="@+id/from_text_view"
        android:layout_margin="10dp"
        android:layout_width="wrap_content"
        android:layout_height="wrap_content"
        android:layout_centerInParent="true"
        android:textStyle="bold"/>
</RelativeLayout>
```

> Create the Navigation `Fragment` with a `FragmentStateAdapter` for the `ViewPager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the Navigation `Fragment` with a `FragmentStateAdapter` for the `ViewPager`:
```

        backBtn.setOnClickListener(v -> {
            mViewPager.setCurrentItem(mViewPager.getCurrentItem() - 1, true);
        });
        //Describing the distance in meters
        distanceTxtView.setText("Distance: " + mRoute.getDistance() + " m");
        //Describing the time it takes for the route in minutes
        infoTxtView.setText("Time for route: " + TimeUnit.MINUTES.convert(mRoute.getDuration(), TimeUnit.SECONDS) + " minutes");
    }
    public class RouteCollectionAdapter extends FragmentStateAdapter {
        public RouteCollectionAdapter(Fragment fragment) {
            super(fragment);
        }
        @NonNull
        @Override
        public Fragment createFragment(int position) {
            return RouteLegFragment.newInstance(mRoute.getLegs().get(position));
        }
        @Override
        public int getItemCount() {
            return mRoute.getLegs().size();
        }
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
private val mUserLocation: Point = Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613, 0.0)
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> Create the `RouteLegFragment` for the `ViewPager`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Create the `RouteLegFragment` for the `ViewPager`:
```

                             Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        // Inflate the layout for this fragment
        return inflater.inflate(R.layout.fragment_route_leg, container, false);
    }
    @Override
    public void onViewCreated(@NonNull View view, @Nullable Bundle savedInstanceState) {
        super.onViewCreated(view, savedInstanceState);
        //Assigning views
        TextView fromTxtView = view.findViewById(R.id.from_text_view);
        String stepsString = "";
        //A loop to write what to do for each step of the leg.
        for (int i = 0; i < mRouteLeg.getSteps().size(); i++) {
            RouteStep routeStep = mRouteLeg.getSteps().get(i);
            stepsString += "Step " + (i + 1) + routeStep.getManeuver() + "\n";
        }
        fromTxtView.setText(stepsString);
    }
}
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
private val mUserLocation: Point = Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613, 0.0)
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

<!-- Travel-mode -->
{% include "src/shared/getting-started/directions/travel-mode.md" %}

> To swap travel modes you just set the travel mode before making a query for the route.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To swap Travel Modes you set the Travel Mode before making a query for the route:
```

    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
private Point mUserLocation = new Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613,0);
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
private val mUserLocation: Point = Point(38.897389429704695, -77.03740973527613, 0.0)
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

Now we will make a method that can generate a route for us with just a Location (picked from the search list).
Start by implementing `OnRouteResultListener` to your MapsActivity.

<mi-tabs>
    <mi-tab label="Java" tab-for="java"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab label="Kotlin" tab-for="kotlin"></mi-tab>
    <mi-tab-panel id="java">
        <h3>Java</h3>
        <pre lang="Java"><code>
public class MapsActivity extends FragmentActivity implements OnMapReadyCallback, OnRouteResultListener
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
    <mi-tab-panel id="kotlin">
        <h3>Kotlin</h3>
        <pre lang ="Kotlin"><code>
class MapsActivity : FragmentActivity(), OnMapReadyCallback, OnRouteResultListener
        </code></pre>
    </mi-tab-panel>
</mi-tabs>

> implement the `onRouteResult` method and create a method called `createRoute(MPLocation mpLocation)` To generate a route you can use with `MPRoutingProvider` to query a route with our hardcoded `mUserLocation` and a point from the MPLocation we call the method with later on.
> 
> To generate a route with the `MPLocation`, we start by creating an `onClickListener` on our search `ViewHolder` inside the `SearchItemAdapter` on `onBindViewHolder`. This calls a `createRoute` on our activity and the route is generated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Implement the `onRouteResult` method, and create a method called `createRoute(MPLocation mpLocation)`. To generate a route use `MPRoutingProvider` with our hardcoded `mUserLocation` and a point from the `MPLocation`.

To generate a route with the `MPLocation`, we start by creating an `onClickListener` on our search `ViewHolder` inside the `SearchItemAdapter` on `onBindViewHolder`. This calls a `createRoute` on our activity and the route is generated.
```

@timMikkelsen Is what I wrote here still correct? It's still a bit hard to follow for me, but might be spot on for the real developers reading it, so take it as a suggestion only 🙂

Author: The query bit is derived from actually being what the method on MPRouteProvider is called. Does it make sense if you read the examples below?
